https://www.englishbix.com/examples-of-hyponyms-in-english/

tree and oak
citrus and orange
music and opera
color and blue
pokemon and Pikachu
male and man
shape and round
toy and doll
person and self
beverage and tea
cattle and cow
material and paper
sport and tennis
condition and health
dessert and icecream
satisfaction and comfort
play and flirt
building and citadel
food and meat
move and go
cat and tiger
game and pinball
season and summer
genre and prose
thought and planning
feeling and passion
amusement and show
superhero and superman
age and oldness
religion and Judaism
coffee and espresso
act and communication
activity and work
remedy and antidote
dictionary and thesaurus
animal and bear
state and monarchy
star and sun
cover and roof
emotion and love
metal and gold
furniture and table
dance and rumba
message and offer
parent and mother
forest and jungle
time and day
knowledge and curiosity
bird and hawk
wind and breeze
store and bakery
candy and lollipop
carnivore and leopard
fish and tuna
flower and peony
drink and milk
cookie and macaroon
color and grey
friend and girlfriend
creation and art
organ and ear
reptile and snake
creature and unicorn
entertainment and party
vehicle and car
measure and meter
film and documentary
grouping and collection
device and blower
physics and biophysics
pastry and pie
dinosaur and triceratops
picture and hologram
body and head
finger and thumb
relationship and romance
artwork and drawing
toiletry and cream
insect and beetle
gender and female
life and wildlife
doctor and surgeon
water and seawater
deer and reindeer
writing and printing
press and magazine
discipline and arts
confectionery and macaron
buildings and architecture
feel and worry
family and stepbrother
predator and fox
amphibian and newt
wellness and lifestyle
language and words
gymnastics and tumbling
cake and teacake
humor and satire
book and journal
edifice and house